Carefully and fully read the instruction manual prior to
using the appliance and carefully store the manual for
future reference.
Only use this appliance for the purposes described in
the instruction manual. Do not use aggressive cleaning
agents in this appliance. The appliance is only suitable for
the preparation of food. The appliance is not suitable for
industrial or laboratory use.
 Do not try to use the appliance with the door open. This could
result in hazardous exposure to micro energy.
Do not place any object between the door of the appliance.
Make sure the door and sealing always remain clean.
When the door or sealing is damaged, the microwave may no
longer be used until it is repaired by an expert.
Caution: Liquids and other foods may not be heated in closed
tin cans, as they can explode due to the pressure.
Repairs to electrical appliances should only be performed by
skilled persons. It is dangerous to perform a repair whereby
the base unit of the appliance must be opened. The base unit
provides protection against exposure to micro energy.
Keep the appliance out of reach of children. Children do not
see the dangers when handling electrical appliances. Therefore,
never allow children to work with electrical appliances without
supervision. Keep the appliance and cord out of reach of
children younger than 8 years of age.
The appliance can be used by children of 8 years and older and
persons with a limited physical, sensory or mental capacity or
lack of experience or knowledge, provided they use the appliance
under supervision or have been instructed about its safe use and
understand the hazards involved.
Children are not allowed to play with the appliance.
The appliance may not be cleaned or maintained by children,
unless this is done under supervision.
Only use materials that are suitable for use in the oven/microwave.
Regularly clean the appliance and remove food residues.

1 safety instructions
20
Keep an eye on the appliance when heating food in a plastic or
paper container using the microwave mode. It could combust
spontaneously.
In case of smoke, switch off the appliance and remove the plug
from the socket. Keep the door closed to smother the flames.
Do not overcook food.
Do not use the inside of the appliance as storage space. Do not
store any biscuits, bread, etc. in the appliance.
Remove metal closing strips and metal grips of paper or plastic
containers/bags before placing them in the appliance.
Always install the appliance in accordance with the instructions.
Eggs in their shells and hard-boiled eggs should not be heated
using the microwave mode, as they could explode. Even after
the appliance has been switched off.
Never clean the appliance with a high pressure cleaner or
steam cleaner.
Do not place accessories of the appliance on the opened door.
Never cover the oven bottom with aluminium foil. Aluminium
foil stops the heat and may therefore lead to poor baking
results. Moreover, the email of the oven bottom could get
damaged.
The oven has a fan that cools the oven mantle. When the oven
is switched off, this fan could continue to run for some time.
The contents of baby bottles and jars of baby food should be
stirred or shaken prior to consumption. Check the temperature
to prevent burns.
Caution: Heating liquids could result in explosive boiling
over of the liquid. Also after the appliance has been switched
off. Be careful when removing the cup or container from the
appliance. Therefore, always place a plastic or ceramic spoon
in the cup when heating.
This appliance may only be fitted by a certified installer.
Defective parts may only be replaced by original parts. Only for
those parts will the manufacturer be able to guarantee that
they meet the safety requirements.
Damage as a result of incorrect connection, incorrect fitting or
incorrect use does not fall under the warranty.
If the connecting cable is damaged, it may only be replaced by
the manufacturer, its service organisation or similarly qualified
persons, in order to prevent hazardous situations.
The electrical connection must meet national and local regulations.

The socket and plug must always be within reach.
The appliance may not be connected to the mains supply
via a power strip or extension cord. If this is not observed,
the safety of the appliance cannot be guaranteed.
The appliance must always be earthed.
Do not use the appliance if the plug, cord or appliance are
damaged, or if the appliance no longer functions properly or if it
is damaged in any other way. If this is the case, consult the shop
or our technical service. Never replace the plug or cord yourself.
Only use and store the appliance indoors.
Do not use the appliance near water, a damp basement/garage
or near a swimming pool.
Avoid contact with hot surfaces when the appliance is
switched on. The inside becomes hot! Never cover the ventilation holes.
Never bend the power cord sharply or allow it to run across
hot parts.
Not keeping the appliance clean could lead to wear and tear
which, in its turn, will have an effect on the life span and could
result in dangerous situations.
The appliance cannot be used with a timer or separate remote
control.
Only connect the appliance to alternate current, to an earthed
wall socket, with a mains voltage that corresponds with the
information provided on the information plate of the appliance.
Do not leave the appliance unsupervised if the appliance is
operational.
Do not pull the cord and/or appliance to remove the plug from the
wall socket. Never touch the appliance with wet or moist hands.
If you decide not to use the appliance any more due to a
defect, we recommend cutting off the cord after removing
the plug from the wall socket. Take the appliance to the waste
processing department concerned of your municipality.
If the appliance does not function after it has been switched on,
it is possible that the fuse or earth leakage circuit breaker has
been activated in the electrical distribution box. The group can
be overloaded or an earth leakage current may have occurred.
Never submerge the appliance, cord or plug in water.
This appliance is only suitable for household use. If the appliance
is not used as intended, no compensation can be claimed in case
of defects or accidents and the warranty will be invalidated.
22
Be careful with the following materials and make sure that they
may be used in the appliance when using the microwave mode:
- aluminium foil yes
- paper yes
- cling film yes
- aluminium container no
- microwave crockery yes
- heat resistant plastic yes
- unglazed pottery no
- metal cookware no
- ovenproof glass and ceramics yes
- normal glass yes
- metal closing strip no
- plate with metal decorative rim no
- mercury thermometer no
- closed jar no
- bottle with narrow neck no
- oven bag yes
Household appliances should not be added to regular
household waste. Take the appliance to a special centre
for separated waste collection of your municipality to have
it recycled in a responsible manner and in accordance with
government regulations.
Use small pieces to prevent thinner sections of chicken, for example, from getting cooked too quickly.
Use non-decorated kitchen paper to cover food and absorb fat.
Remove the cover and make sure the jar is not heated too long. The glass may burst.

1. Operating panel
2. Door handle
3. Door
4. Cam for rotating platform
5. Rotating platform (microwave/combination positions)
6. Low grille (microwave/combination positions)
7. High grille (microwave/combination positions)
2 product description
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
24
8. Mode knob
9. Preheating key
10. On/off key
11. Display
12. Child lock
13. Start and pause key
14. Clock key
15. [-/+] knob
16. Temperature and auto menu key
17. Microwave power and weight key
8 9 10 11 12 13 14
17 16
15

4 setting the clock
When you insert the plug in the socket, 00:00 starts to flash and a sound signal can be heard.
Turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the correct time (24 hour clock).
Press the key to confirm the time, once the correct time is set.
To adjust the time, press the key for approximately 3 seconds. The time flashes in the display.
Turn the adjusting knob to adjust the time.
Press the key to confirm the time, once the correct time is set.
3 prior to first use
Before using the microwave oven for the first time, please proceed as follows: carefully unpack the microwave oven and
remove all packaging material and any promotional stickers. Keep the packaging (plastic bags and cardboard) out of the
reach of children. After unpacking the appliance, check it for external damage that may have occurred during transport.
Check that the voltage corresponds with what is stated on the information plate. Prior to installing the appliance, observe
the instructions in section 8.
Clean the appliance and all accessories with warm water and a mild cleaning agent. Properly rinse with water only and dry.
Heat the empty microwave oven approximately 60 minutes to 230°C using the hot air mode to remove all remaining
production residues, such as oil. In this way you prevent unpleasant odours from being generated when preparing food.
Ensure sufficient ventilation of the room.
Press the on/off key to activate the microwave oven
Use the position button to select the hot air mode . The symbol lights up in the display when the hot air mode is
selected. The standard setting of the temperature is 180°C.
Press the key to adjust or confirm the temperature.
Turn the adjusting knob to change the temperature to 230°C.
Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to set the required time - 60 minutes.
Press the key to start the oven.
Allow the appliance to cool down after these 60 minutes and clean the interior once more with warm water and a mild
cleaning agent. Properly rinse with water only and dry.
26
5 general operation
The microwave oven can be used for microwave alone or microwave in combination with an oven mode.
Always use heat resistant oven dishes made of pottery, glass or plastic. These materials allow the microwaves to
pass properly. Do not use oven dishes made of metal or with metal decorations.
Press the key to switch on the microwave oven.
Turn the mode knob to the right. The set power of 900 Watts appears in the display and the time flashes.
Press the key to be able to adjust the microwave power. Turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set
the correct power.
Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the correct time.
Press the key to start the microwave oven.
Microwave power Application
100 Watts Softening butter or ice cream
300 Watts Soup, mash pot or defrosting
450 Watts Mash pot, fish
700 Watts Rice, fish, chicken, minced meat
900 Watts Heating, milk, boiling water, vegetables, heating drinks
The steps for setting the time are as follows:
0-1 minute : 5 seconds
1-5 minutes : 10 seconds
5-10 minutes : 30 seconds
10-30 minutes : 1 minute
30-90 minutes : 5 minutes
Attention: If the preparation or heating process is interrupted by opening the door, press the key once more to
continue the process.
Press the key to pause the microwave oven. Press the key once more to continue the process.
It is always possible to adjust the preparation time. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the time.
It is always possible to adjust the power. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the power.
Press the key to switch off the microwave oven or cancel a mode or possibly select another.
If the door is opened during preparation, it is possible that the fan remains active.
At full power (900 Watts), the microwave mode can be set to maximum 30 minutes.
preparing food with the microwave mode
START AND PAUSE
Press the key to start the microwave oven. Briefly press the key to pause the microwave oven and press the same key
once more to proceed.
SWITCHING ON/OFF
Press the key to switch the microwave oven on and off or to cancel a mode and select another.
MODE KNOB
Turn the mode knob to the right for the following successive modes:
microwave mode
oven positions
combination positions
automatic menus
defrost positions
ADJUSTING KNOB
By turning the adjusting knob to the left or right, you can adjust preparation time, temperature or wattage.

using the combination positions: microwave with oven
When using the microwave in combination with an oven mode, several modes are used at the same time. By using the
microwave, a dish is ready sooner, and the dish is also nicely browned.
In the combination, it is possible to use any microwave power, with the exception of the highest position: 900 Watts.
Example: microwave + hot air at respectively 300W and 190°C for 17 minutes.
Press the key to switch on the microwave oven.
Turn the mode knob to the right until appears in the display and use the adjusting knob to select the
required oven position .
Press the key to be able to adjust the temperature. Turn the adjusting knob to the right to set the temperature
to 190°C.
Press the key to be able to adjust the microwave power. Turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the
correct power.
Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the correct time, 17 minutes.
Press the key to start the microwave oven.
Attention: If the preparation or heating process is interrupted by opening the door, press the key once more to
continue the process.
Press the key to pause the microwave oven. Press the key once more to continue the process.
It is always possible to adjust the preparation time. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the time.
It is always possible to adjust the power. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the power.
It is always possible to adjust the temperature. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the temperature.
Press the key to switch off the microwave oven or cancel a mode or possibly select another.
If the door is opened during preparation, it is possible that the fan remains active.
The microwave oven can also be used as an oven only. How to select the required mode and temperature
is explained below. The preparation time of the dish can also be set.
Press the key to switch on the microwave oven.
Turn the mode knob to the right until appears in the display and, using the adjusting knob , select the
required oven position.
hot air
grill with fan
pizza position
grill
Press the key to be able to adjust the temperature. Turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the correct
temperature.
Press the key to start the microwave oven. The oven starts to heat up.
Attention: If the baking or heating process is interrupted by opening the door, press the key once more to continue
the process.
Press the key to pause the microwave oven. Press the key once more to continue the process.
It is always possible to adjust the preparation time. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the time.
It is always possible to adjust the temperature. Press the key and turn the adjusting knob to adjust the temperature.
Press the key to switch off the microwave oven or cancel a mode or possibly select another.
If the door is opened during baking, it is possible that the fan remains active.
using the oven positions
28
The microwave oven has 13 automatic preparation programmes. You only need to select the programme and set the weight.
The power, time and temperature are already set.
Press the key to switch on the microwave oven.
Turn the mode knob to the right until the first programme number 1 appears in the display.
Press the key to be able to adapt the programme and use the adjusting knob to select the required programme
number.
Press the key to be able to adjust the weight. Turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the correct weight.
Press the key to start the microwave oven.
Programme Type Type of food
1 Vegetables Fresh vegetables
2 Side dishes Potatoes - cooked (peeled)
3 Side dishes Baked potatoes
Turn or shake the potatoes when you
hear a sound signal. The microwave oven
automatically goes on to the next phase.
4 Chicken/fish Pieces of chicken/fish
Turn over the pieces of chicken/fish when you
hear a sound signal. The microwave oven
automatically goes on to the next phase.
5 Baking Cake
6 Baking Apple pie
7 Baking Quiche
8 Heating Drinks/soup
9 Heating A plate of food
P10 Heating Sauce/mash pot/oven dish
P11 Ready-made Frozen pizza
P12 Ready-made Frozen oven fries
Stir the oven fries when you hear a sound signal.
The microwave oven automatically goes on to
the next phase.
P13 Ready-made Frozen lasagne
CAUTION!
When using these programmes, the microwave oven is preheated. During preheating, the preparation time is paused and in the display it
says . After preheating, a sound signal can be heard and flashes. Place the dish.
These programmes only use the microwave mode.
automatic preparation programmes

defrosting
There are two defrosting programmes. You only need to select the programme, choose the weight and the time is
programmed automatically.
Press the key to switch on the microwave oven.
Turn the mode knob to the right until the defrosting symbol appears in the display.
Turn the adjusting knob to select the required defrosting programme, d01 or d02.
Press the key to be able to adjust the weight. Turn the adjusting knob to the left or right to set the correct weight.
Press the key to start the microwave oven.
Programme Type of food Weight to be selected in kilogrammes
d01 (defrost) Meat, poultry and fish 0.20 - 1.00
d02 (defrost) Bread, cake and fruit 0.10 - 0.50
These programmes only use the microwave mode. With this programme, always use the rotating platform with the low round grille for
 an optimum heat distribution.
Instruction: When you hear a sound signal, the microwave oven stops. Turn over the dish to be defrosted and press the
key once more to continue the defrosting programme.
quick preheating when using an oven position
With the quick preheat mode, the microwave oven reaches the set temperature very quickly.
The quick preheat mode can be activated when selecting the following modes:
hot air
grill with fan
microwave + hot air
microwave + grill with fan
pizza position
microwave + pizza position
Only place the dish in the microwave oven once preheating has been completed.
Set the required oven position and temperature.
Press the key. The symbol lights up in the display.
Press the key to start preheating.
Once the set temperature has been reached, a sound signal can be heard and the symbol starts to flash.
Place the dish in the oven and press once more.
Preheating can be stopped by pressing the or key.
Info: the preheat mode only functions when one of the above-mentioned programmes has been selected.
During preheating, the microwave mode is switched off.
child lock
The child lock prevents unintended use of the microwave oven. The microwave oven does not respond to any setting.
To be able to activate the child lock, the microwave oven should not be in operation.
Activating the child lock:
Press down both the and key for 3 seconds. A beep sounds and the symbol indicates that the child lock has
been activated.
Deactivating the child lock:
Press down both the and key for 3 seconds. A beep sounds and the symbol disappears. The child lock is deactivated.
30
6 cleaning and maintenance
Switch off the appliance if you want to clean it and allow it to cool down fully. The appliance should not be cleaned with
a steam cleaner or high pressure cleaner.
Interior
Clean the interior of the appliance after each use. Use a damp cloth.
For thorough cleaning you can use warm water to which a little washing-up liquid or vinegar has been added.
Thoroughly rinse off the cleaning agent residues. Thoroughly dry the interior with a cloth.
Accessories
Loose accessories such as the rotating platform and the grilles must be cleaned with warm water and washing-up liquid.
Properly dry everything before using it again.
Exterior
Clean the exterior of the appliance with a damp cloth or sponge. If necessary, you can clean the exterior of the appliance by
means of a mild detergent. Also properly clean the door and door rubber.
Tips for cleaning
Clean the microwave oven after each use so that food residues are not ingrained.
Splashes of fat can be easily removed while the appliance is still a little warm. Use warm water and a little washing-up liquid.
Use special oven cleaners for stubborn dirt. To remove cleaning agent residues, rinse thoroughly with water.
Never use aggressive cleaning agents, such as oven sprays, abrasive agents and scouring sponges.
7 breakdowns & solutions
Breakdown Solution
The microwave oven does not start. - Is the plug properly inserted in the socket?
Check the fuse in the meter cupboard.
Check the function of the socket by means of another appliance.
The microwave oven does not switch on, is
indicated in the display.
The child lock is activated. Deactivate it to be able to operate
the microwave oven again.
The display shows 0:00. The power supply has been interrupted. Set the clock again.
The microwave oven does not get warm. Is the door of the microwave oven properly closed?
The rotating platform makes noise when using the
microwave mode.
Clean the ring for the rotating platform and the bottom of the
microwave oven.
It takes longer than usual to heat the food.
The set microwave power is too low. Select a higher power.
The amount of food is greater. Double the amount of food =
almost double the heating time.
The food is colder than usual. Stir or turn over the food once
during heating.
Unable to achieve a particular setting.
Check in the manual whether the required setting is possible.
Possibly there is a limit in relation to microwave power at
a particular setting.
E1 appears in the display Contact the  customer service.
E4 appears in the display Contact the  customer service.
E11 appears in the display There is moisture in the operating panel. Allow it to dry before
you continue to use the appliance.
E17 appears in the display Contact the  customer service.

8 installation instruction
Safety during use is only guaranteed if the assembly has taken place in a technically correct way and in accordance with
these installation instructions. The installer is liable for damage caused by incorrect assembly.
The electrical connection may be carried out only by a qualified electrician. This person should be aware of the national
and regional safety instructions with which the connection has to comply.
The microwave oven falls under protective class I and may only be used in combination with an earthed connection.
The manufacturer is not liable for unsuitable operation and possible damage caused by unsuitable electric installations.
The microwave oven must be connected to a permanent installation in which provisions for switching off are integrated,
in accordance with the installation instructions.
Make sure that the power supply cable does not get jammed during installation or is running along sharp edges. It must be
placed in such a way that no contact is made with hot parts of the microwave oven.
The connection point, socket and/or plug must always be accessible.
The kitchen furniture in which the microwave oven is built, must be heat resistant (> 90°C).
Check that the kitchen furniture in which the microwave oven will be mounted is firmly attached. For example,
by screwing it to the adjacent elements.
In case of incorrect installation or connection, the warranty becomes invalid.
Attention: any change to the appliance, including replacement of the power supply cable, must be performed by
a certified installer.
OVERALL DIMENSIONS
The figures below show the dimensions of the recesses in mm.
32
BUILDING IN THE MICROWAVE OVEN
Check that the kitchen furniture and recess meet the set requirements in relation
to dimensions.
Slide the microwave oven in the kitchen furniture. Check that the base unit does
not make contact with the walls of the kitchen furniture. Make sure there is a space
of at least 2 mm between the base unit and the walls of the kitchen furniture.
Make sure the microwave oven is in a central position between the walls of the
kitchen furniture. Caution: make sure that the connection cable does not get
jammed and does not lie on top of the appliance.
Open the door of the appliance.
Use the provided screws to fasten the appliance to the side walls of the kitchen
furniture.
The opening between the cabinet and the top of the microwave oven should not
be closed. This opening is needed for ventilation.
Close the door of the appliance and insert the plug in the socket.
The microwave oven is now ready to be used.
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION
The mains voltage must correspond with the voltage shown on the information plate in the appliance.
In the meter cupboard, the groups must each be protected with a 16 Ampere fuse at least. The connection cable must have
a core cross section of at least 2.5 mm² and a length of 1.5 m. If the cable is too short, you cannot connect the appliance and
place it against the wall before you want to insert the plug in the socket.
technical data
Connection voltage 230 V ~50Hz
Connected load 3350W
Microwave power 900W
Ampere 15A
Oven capacity 44 L
Diameter rotating platform Ø 360 mm
External dimensions without handle 595 x 568 x 454 mm (WxDxH)
Nett weight Approximately 36 kg

Emerio PO-116100 Pizza oven
Highlights & Details
Patented design
Bake your own mini pizzas
Hand-made terracotta hood
This text is machine translated.
Facts
6 insulated baking trowel
Pizza dough cutter
Indicator light
Brick for particularly crispy floors
Heater
Delivery
Pizza oven
6 insulated baking trowel
Pizza dough cutter
User manual.

2. Intended use
The product is designed to heat, cook and defrost food. Power is supplied via a normal household power outlet.
The product is intended for household or similar use only, such as:
Staff kitchens in shops, offices or other work environments
Agricultural businesses
Use by guests of hotels, motels, other residential areas and bed and breakfasts
The product may be set up and used only in dry, closed indoor spaces. It may not become moist or wet. Use original accessories only.
For safety and approval purposes (CE), you must not rebuild and/or modify this product. If you use the product for purposes other than those described above, the product may be damaged. In addition, improper use can cause hazards such as short circuiting, fire, electric shock etc. Read the instructions carefully and keep them. Make this product available to third parties only together with its operating instructions.
This product complies with the statutory national and European requirements. All company names and product names are trademarks of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Observe all safety instructions in these operating instructions!
3. Delivery content
Microwave
Turntable ring
Glass tray
Warning label
Operating instructions
   20
4. Features and functions
Large window
5 power settings
Rotary control for easy operation
Defrost function
Interior lighting
Removable glass tray
5. Explanations of symbols
This symbol indicates a health hazard, e.g. electric shock.
The exclamation mark indicates specific risks associated with handling, function and use. The “arrow” symbol indicates special tips and operating information.
This symbol on the device indicates that the user must read these operating instructions before first-time operation and follow them during use.
Warning! Hot surface!
This symbol on the product indicates surfaces that become hot during operation. Failure to heed the warning poses a risk of burning!
            21

6. Important safety instructions
Read this user manual completely before first use and keep it for future reference. It is mandatory to observe the safety instructions.
This appliance can be used by children aged from 8 years and above and by persons with reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities or lack of experience and/or knowledge only if they are given supervision or instruction concerning use of the appliance in a safe way and understand the hazards involved. Cleaning and user maintenance may not be made by children unless they are supervised.
Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with the device.
Children under 8 years of age should be kept away from the product and the connection cable.
The door and exterior surface may become hot during operation. Risk of burning! Keep children away from the device.
The product heats up during operation. Do not touch the heating elements on the interior of the product.
If the product's connection cable is damaged it must be replaced by the manufacturer, customer service or a similarly qualified person to prevent risks.
Do not operate the device if you notice any damage to the door, the door seal or the door latch. All repairs should be carried out by a qualified professional to prevent risks.
•Maintenance or repairs which necessitate the removal of microwave protection covers may be carried out by a professional/specialist workshop only.
Do not heat liquids or foods in closed containers as they may easily explode.
    22

Use microwave cooking accessories only.
Never operate the device unsupervised when heating food in plastic or paper containers as they may catch fire.
This microwave oven is intended for heating food and beverages. Drying food or clothing and heating pads, slippers, sponges, wet textiles and the like can result in injury, combustion or fire.
Immediately cut power to or unplug the device if smoke develops. Keep the door closed to smother any flames present.
When heating drinks in the microwave, boiling delay may occur — this happens when the liquid reaches boiling temperature without forming bubbles typical of boiling. Any disturbance, such as removing the container, may cause the liquid to come to a sudden boil. There is a risk of scalding! Always exercise great caution when removing containers from the microwave.
Baby food in bottles or jars heated in the microwave should be shook or mixed well. Check the temperature of the baby food before consumption to prevent burns.
Never heat eggs in their shells or whole hard-boiled eggs in the microwave. They may explode even after heating is completed.
The product is designed for countertop assembly and may not be set up inside a cupboard, etc.
Keep a minimum distance of 30 cm above the product to cupboards, walls, etc.
Clean the device and remove any food residue regularly.
Failure to clean the product regularly may cause the surfaces to wear and significantly reduce the product's service life. It may also impair the safety and functionality of the product.
   23

Do not use abrasive cleaners or metal scrapers to clean the microwave door. This may scratch the door surface and cause the glass to crack.
Do not use a steam or pressure cleaner to the clean the device.
Never operate the product without the glass tray.
7. General safety instructions
Read the operating instructions carefully and especially observe the safety information. If you do not follow the safety instructions and information on proper handling in this manual, we assume no liability for any resulting personal injury or damage to property. Such cases will invalidate the warranty/guarantee.
The device is not a toy. Keep it out of the reach of children and pets.
Do not leave packaging material lying around carelessly. These may become dangerous playing material for children.
Protect the product from extreme temperatures, direct sunlight, strong jolts, high humidity, moisture, flammable gases, vapours and solvents.
Do not place the product under any mechanical stress.
If it is no longer possible to operate the product safely, take it out of operation and protect it from any accidental use. Safe operation can no longer be guaranteed if the product:
- is visibly damaged,
- is no longer working properly,
- has been stored for extended periods in poor ambient conditions or
- has been subjected to any serious transport-related stresses.
Please handle the product carefully. Jolts, impacts or a fall even from a low height can damage the product.
Only install and use the product indoors in dry and closed rooms. It may not become moist or wet.
A properly installed, isolated main socket (230 V/AC, 50 Hz) only may be used as a power source.
Before plugging in the device, verify that the information on the product's rating plate correspond with your household power supply.
The mains outlet must be located near to the device and be easily accessible.
Always lay the cables so that nobody can trip over or become entangled in them. This poses a risk of injury.
When setting up the product, make sure that the cable is not pinched, kinked or damaged by sharp edges.
       24

Never pull the mains plug from the socket by pulling at the cable. Always pull it from the mains socket using the intended grips.
Unplug the mains plug from the mains socket if you do not use the device for an extended period of time.
For safety reasons, always unplug the device in case of a thunderstorm.
Avoid excessive thermal stress on the mains cable from extreme heat or cold. Do not modify the mains cable. Otherwise the mains cable may be damaged. A damaged mains cable can cause a deadly electric shock.
(e.g. via the respective circuit breaker) and then carefully pull the mains plug from the mains socket. Never use the product if the mains cable is damaged.
To prevent risks, damaged power cables may only be replaced by the manufacturer, a professional workshop appointed by the manufacturer, or a similarly qualified person.
Never plug in or unplug the mains plug when your hands are wet.
 device. If liquid or an object enters the interior of the device nevertheless, first power down the respective socket (e.g. switch off circuit breaker) and then pull the mains plug from the mains socket. Do not operate the product anymore afterwards, but take it to a specialist workshop.
Never use the product immediately after it has been brought from a cold room into a warm one. The condensation generated could destroy the product. Allow the device to reach room temperature before connecting and using it. This may take several hours.
Do not place any objects on the device.
Do not cover the device's ventilation openings.
Do not operate the device unsupervised.
Consult a professional if you require assistance with product operation, safety or connection.
Maintenance work, adjustments and repairs may be carried out only by a professional or at a specialist workshop.
If you have questions which remain unanswered by these operating instructions, contact our technical support service or other technical personnel.
Observe all other safety instructions in each chapter of these operating instructions.
   25

8. Hazards due to microwave radiation
Never attempt to operate the product with the door opened. Operation with the door opened causes harmful microwave radiation to exit the device.
Do not alter the product's safety lock (or door latch) in any way.
Do not insert any objects into the opening on the safety lock.
Do not place any objects between the front of the product and the door. The door's sealing surfaces may not be contaminated with food or cleaner residue.
Do not use the product if it is damaged. It is especially important that the door closes correctly and that none of the following parts are damaged:
- Door (bent)
- Door hinges and closing mechanisms (broken or loosened)
- Sealing surfaces
Do not remove any covers on the product.
The product may be maintenanced or repaired by a qualified professional only.
It is prohibited to turn on the device without any food or drink in the cooking chamber (exception: convection operation with preheating).
    26

1 Glass tray
2 Illumination
3 Rotary power control
4 Rotary time/weight control
5 Turntable ring
6 Turntable support
7 Device door
8 Door lock
9 Door handle
27

10. Before first-time use
Remove all packaging materials.
Check the delivery for completeness and transport damage.
Clean the product.
11. Operation
a) Setting up the product
The product may not be placed in a cupboard.
Do not cover or block any openings on the product.
Prevent the product, the power cord or power plug from coming into contact with hot surfaces (e.g. an oven). Never operate the product next to open flames. Keep highly combustible materials away from the device.
Do not remove the product's legs.
Due to its high weight, two persons are required to transport, unpack and set up the product.
Choose a location out of the reach of children to set up the device to prevent their coming into contact with the product's hot surfaces.
Set up the product near a power outlet.
Chooseaneven,horizontalandheat-proofsurfaceforassembly.Thesurfacemustbestableenoughto support the weight of the product.
Set up the product at a height of approx. 85 cm.

b) Mains connection
Please ensure that the device voltage specified on the product corresponds with the available power supply before inserting the plug. Do not plug in the product if the rated voltage does not comply with the on-site power supply.
Connecting the device to an incorrect supply voltage may result in serious damage and hazards for the user.
The mains socket that the device is connected to must be easily accessible so that the device may be disconnected from the power supply quickly and easily in case of error.
Turn the product off before connecting to or disconnecting from the power supply.
Make sure that the mains cable is not pinched or damaged by sharp edges. Lay the cable so that no one may trip on or become entangled in it. This poses a risk of injury.
Take care when handling mains cables and mains sockets. Mains voltage can cause fatal electric shocks.
Make sure that the mains cable is undamaged and does not run beneath the product or across a hot or sharp location. The power cord may not hang over the edge of a table or be pinched.
Connect the power plug to an appropriate power outlet.
c) General notes on operation
Use the product only when the ring (5), glass tray (1) and turntable support (6) are in their correct position. Make sure that the glass tray can rotate freely.
Place the container holding the food you wish to heat in the middle of the glass tray.
Always make sure the door locks into place when closing the door.
The product will start immediately after completing the time or weight setting.
When the cooking process has finished, an acoustic signal will sound.
Therotarytime/ weight control (4) must be at 0 position.
When not using the product, the rotary time/weight control must be at 0 position.
When defrosting food does not lead to satisfactory results, increase the time or choose a higher weight setting respectively.
 29

d) Power setting
Use the rotary power control (3) to select the Wattage power.
 Setting
  Percentage of max. power
    Select setting 2 for defrosting.
e) Time or weight setting
Use the rotary time/weight control (4) to set the time or weight.
The max. time setting is 35 minutes.
When defrosting frozen food, set the weight in kilogram. Bolt numbers printed on the product indicate the available weight settings.
f) Suitable dishes
The following list is meant as a general guide for selecting suitable dishes. = suitable
û= not suitable
 Heat-resistant glass

  Non-heat-resistant glass
  û
 Heat-resistant ceramic

  Microwave-safe plastic dish

 Paper towel

 Metal dish
  û
  Metal rack
  û
 Aluminum foil/container
  û
 30

12. Troubleshooting
  Problem
   Cause
   Solution
  The product does not turn on.
  The power plug is not properly connected to the power outlet.
 Disconnect the power plug from the power outlet and plug it back in after 10 seconds.
 The fuse or the circuit breaker have been tripped.
   Consult an electrician.
   The power outlet does not work properly.
 Plug a different device into the power outlet. If this device does not turn on, consult an electrician.
 No heating function.
   The door is not properly closed.
   Close the door fully.
   Noise when the glass tray rotates.
  The tray roller and the cooking chamber floor are dirty.
  Clean the tray roller and the cooking chamber floor.
   The following are normal and not signs of malfunction:
Interference with TV reception when the product is in operation.
Slightly dimmed cooking chamber illumination when the product is operated at a low power level.
Steam builds on the door.
Hot air exits the ventilation openings.
13. Maintenance and cleaning
Apart from regular cleaning, this product does not require maintenance.
Turn off the product and disconnect it from the power outlet before cleaning.
Cleaning the product is an important aspect of handling the product safely and prevents health hazards.
Clean the product and remove all food residue regularly. Failure to clean the product regularly may cause damage to the surfaces and shorten the product's service life. This also prevents a risk of impairing the product's safety and functionality.
If the door seal no longer closes properly due to food residue build-up, microwave radiation may exit the product and harm your health.
Clean the product after use to prevent mold, attracting vermin and the escape of microwave radiation.
Do not use a steam cleaner to clean the product. The steam is under pressure and may condense on electrical components on the device interior, causing short-circuiting.
Do not use any strong or abrasive solvents or sharp metal scrapers as such products attack the surface and may cause the glass to crack.
The rotary controls must not get wet. Clean the rotary controls with a soft, damp cloth only.
Clean the housing with a slightly damp cloth. Do not let any water enter the device interior.
 31

Use a damp cloth to clean the door, window, door seal, cooking chamber and all adjacent components.
Use a soft cloth to wipe away any steam or drops that may build. Condensation may occur when moist air comes into contact with a cold surface. Oil and grease also evaporate at high temperatures, before depositing as a greasy film on surfaces after cooling.
The glass tray may be removed for cleaning. Clean the tray in warm soapy water or in a dishwasher.
The tray roller and the cooking chamber floor should be cleaned regularly to prevent excessive noise. Use a mild cleaning agent to wipe down the surface.
If you have removed the roller for cleaning, make sure to replace it correctly before further use.
Disposal
Electronic devices are recyclable waste and must not be disposed of in the household waste.
At the end of its service life, dispose of the product in accordance with applicable regulatory guidelines.
You thus fulfill your statutory obligations and contribute to the protection of the environment.
15. Technical data
Operating voltage....................... 230 V/AC, 50Hz
Nominal input power ................. 1050 W
Nominal output power............... 700 W
Microwave frequency............... 2450 MHz
Cooking chamber volume ......... approx. 14 L


First carefully read the instruction manual in full prior
to using the appliance and store the manual in a safe place
for future reference.
Only use this appliance for the purposes described in the instruction manual.
This appliance is only suitable for household use.
The appliance may be used by children of 8 years and older and
persons with a limited physical, sensory or mental capacity or lack
of experience or knowledge, provided they use the appliance
under supervision or have been instructed about its safe use
and understand the hazards involved.
Children must not play with the appliance.
The appliance may not be cleaned or maintained by children
younger than 8 years of age, unless this is done under supervision.
Keep the appliance and cable out of reach of children younger than
8 years of age.
Strict supervision is required if the appliance is used by or near
children.
Keep hands, feet, loose-fitting clothes, hair and animals out of reach
of the rotating brush. This is to prevent injury to skin, eyes or ears,
for example.
This appliance is intended for household and similar use, such as:
- in staff kitchens, shops, offices and other work environments;
- by guests of hotels, motels and other residential environments;
- in Bed&Breakfast type environments;
- farms.
Caution: the appliance may not be used with an external timer
or a separate remote control.
Only connect the appliance to alternate current, to an earthed wall
socket, with a mains voltage that corresponds with the information
provided on the information plate of the appliance.
Never bend the power cord sharply or allow it to run across hot parts.
Do not use the appliance if the plug, cord or appliance are damaged,
or if the appliance no longer functions properly or if it is damaged
in any other way. In that case, consult the shop or our customer
service. Never replace the plug or cord yourself.
The use of accessories not recommended or sold by
may cause fire, electrical shocks or injuries.

1 safety instructions
12
The brush and vacuum cleaner were specially designed for use
on carpets and hard floors. In rare cases, and depending on the
type of floor, it is possible that scratches are made in the surface
to be cleaned.  is not responsible for any damage made
on the floor. If necessary, a special parquet brush is available via the
 webshop.
If the appliance is not being used or if parts or accessories must
be mounted or removed or if the appliance is being cleaned,
fully switch off the appliance and remove the plug from the socket.
Do not leave the appliance unattended when it is in operation.
Never place the appliance near appliances that give off heat,
such as ovens, gas cookers, hotplates, etc.
Do not use the appliance outdoors or on a wet surface and do not use
it for picking up moisture.
Do not pick up lightly flammable materials.
Do not pick up burning materials such as cigarettes, matches or ash.
Always make sure the appliance is placed on an even, flat surface
and is only used indoors.
Do not stand on the cord while using the appliance.
Ensure that the cord cannot wrap itself around arms or legs during use.
Do not use the appliance for cleaning animals or people.
If the appliance is not used as intended or if the instructions in the
manual are not observed, no compensation can be claimed in case
of defects or accidents and the warranty will be invalidated.
Correct installation and maintenance of the motor filter,  filter
and dust bag in accordance with the instructions in the manual
is necessary to prevent defects in the appliance. In case of defects
caused by incorrect use or not placing the dust bag and filters,
the warranty becomes invalid.
Always pull the entire cord out of the appliance when it is being
used for more than 30 minutes at a time, to prevent the cord
from overheating.
Never submerge the appliance, cord or plug in water.
Make sure that children are unable to touch the cable or appliance.
Do not allow the cable to run over sharp edges, hot components
or other sources of heat.
Do not pull the cord and/or appliance to remove the plug from the
wall socket. Never touch the appliance with wet or damp hands.
If you decide to cease using the appliance due to a defect,
we recommend cutting off the cord after removing the plug
from the wall socket.

Small household appliances do not belong in the dustbin.
Take them to the waste processing department concerned
of your municipality.
14
2 product description
1. Handle
2. Hose connection
3. Dust bag full indicator
4. Knob to set the suction power MIN - MAX
5. On/off pedal
6.  filter - under the grille
7. Cord winding system
8. Pedal for automatic cord winding
9. Hose
10. Handle
11. Slider for additional suction power control
12. Snap-on system for connecting the tube to the hose or disconnecting it
13. Slide button to adjust tube length
14. Telescopic tube
15. Floor nozzle with button for retracting and extending the brushes /
16. Handle of dust bag compartment cover
17. Storage compartment for accessories

3 before first use
Follow these instructions when using the vacuum cleaner for the first time: Carefully remove the vacuum cleaner from the packaging
and remove all traces of packaging from the device and any promotional stickers. Keep the packaging (plastic bags and cardboard)
out of the reach of children. After unpacking the vacuum cleaner, check the device for external damage that may have occurred
during transport. Place the vacuum cleaner on a secure, dry and level surface.
4 assembly
Make sure the vacuum cleaner is unplugged before (dis)assembling any parts.
HOSE
Connecting the hose to the appliance: insert the hose end into the hose socket at the front cover and then lock it by turning it
clockwise until you hear a click.
Disconnecting the hose from the appliance: make sure the vacuum cleaner is unplugged. Turn the hose end counter clockwise to
disconnect it from the appliance.
TELESCOPIC TUBE
1. Connect the handle of the hose into the telescopic tube until it clicks.
2. Set the telescopic tube to the desired length. To do this, pull the slide button upwards and pull the top part of the tube out of the
bottom part to make it longer. Release the slide button and let the tube snap into place.
3. Attach the floor nozzle by firmly sliding the tube into the nozzle.
4. Disconnect the hose from the tube press the button of the click system and pull the hose handle out of the tube.
ACCESSORIES
Connect the different nozzle tools to the tube or the handle of the hose for different cleaning purposes
by firmly sliding the handle into the nozzle.
1. Round nozzle: can be used to clean furniture, corners of the sealing and blinds
2. Upholstery nozzle: can be used to clean matrasses, seats of chairs and pillows
3. Crevice nozzle: can be used to clean corners and tight areas which cannot be reached with
the combi-brush
4. Parquet brush: the parquet brush is provided with real natural hair. The long soft hairs prevent scratches
on the floor. The parquet brush is suitable for parquet floors, laminate or wood floors and all other
smooth and hard floors.
5 use
Check that the voltage stated on the device's information plate matches the voltage used in your region.
TURNING THE VACUUM CLEANER ON
1. Place the vacuum cleaner on a dry and level floor.
2. Pull out the cord by the plug and insert the plug into a power socket.
3. Turn the vacuum cleaner on by pressing the on/off foot pedal .
4. Depending on the surface you want to vacuum, you can adjust the suction power. Turn the suction power button left or right in
between the min and max indicators.
Minimum power level: for delicate materials
Medium power level: furniture, carpets and matresses
Maximum power level: tiles, wood or other hard floors
5. Depending on the type of floor you want to vacuum, you can adjust the floor nozzle.
 For cleaning hard floors, make sure the brushes in the floor nozzle are down.
 For cleaning carpeting or a carpet, make sure that the brushes in the floor nozzle are retracted.
When it is hard to move the brush over the surface you can decrease the suction power with the button to set the suction
power min - max or open the the additional suction power control on the handle of the hose.
TURNING THE VACUUM CLEANER OFF
1. Turn the vacuum cleaner off by pressing the on/off foot pedal .
2. Unplug the vacuum cleaner, hold the plug and automatically rewind the cord by pressing the cord rewinding foot pedal . Guide
the cord with your hand to prevent possible damage. The power cord will be drawn in the vacuum cleaner.
16
1 2
3
4
6 maintenance
Check the hose, dust bag and filters regularly to prevent any problems. If the hose is clogged, empty it. Replace the dust bag when
it is full and clean or replace the filters when they are dirty.
DUST BAGS AND FILTERS
The disposable dust bag and the motor filter play an important part in the efficiency of the vacuum cleaner. The dust bag is for
capturing the dirt, but the motor filter needs to be porous enough to allow air to pass through at the same time.
When the dust bag or motor filter is clogged, no air can pass through the cleaner and the vacuum cleaner will not clean, regardless
how powerful the unit is.
Therefore change the dust bag frequently and replace the motor filter every four dust bags, to ensure the vacuum cleaner
to operate at maximum efficiency. The air flow can be restricted very quickly by some fine particles and will decrease the
performance even before the dust bag appears to be full. Therefore, the dust bag and motor filter may need to be changed more
often when vacuuming carpet cleaners, powder, plaster dust or other fine substances.
REPLACING THE DUST BAG AND REPLACING THE MOTOR FILTER
Make sure to turn off and unplug the vacuum cleaner before replacing the dust bag or the motor filter.
Do not use the vacuum cleaner without a motor filter or dust bag.
Change the dust bag when the full dust bag indicator turns red or when the dust bag appears to be
full.
Open the dust bag compartment by pushing the clip upwards and lift the lid.
The motor filter [1] should be replaced every four dust bags. Take out the motor filter by sliding it
upwards. Now you can replace it with a new one.
Slide the full dust bag carefully out of the dust bag frame [2] and dispose of it.
Slide a new dust bag [3] in the dust bag frame.
Close the dust bag compartment and push the lid back into place. The opening of the dust bag is
automatically pushed into the right position when closing the lid. The lid of the dust bag compartment
cannot be closed if the dust bag is not in place. If the lid cannot be closed, replace the dust bag again
according to the instructions.
CLEANING OR REPLACING THE  FILTER
The  filter cleans the air one last time before it leaves the vacuum cleaner. Clean the  filter at least
once per six months or when it is very dirty. Replace a damaged  filter with a new original  filter.
Open the grid [4] that covers the  filter by pushing the clip.
Pull the clip back and take out the  filter [5].
Rinse the  filter under lukewarm water and let it air dry completely. Do not use any cleaning agents or
brushes.
Put the  filter back into place, when dry, or replace it by a new one.
Replace the grid. Make sure that the grid is properly placed.
Attention
Use the vacuum cleaner only when the filters and a dust bag are in place. If not, it can lead to loss of
suction power or damage to the motor.
Unplug the vacuum cleaner before cleaning or replacing the filters.
Torn filters or filters that do not fit properly can cause damage to the engine. Replace a damaged filter
by an original new one.
Do not clean the filters in a dishwasher.
Do not use a hair dryer to dry the filters.
STORAGE
The vacuum cleaner can be stored in two ways. At the back - parking position - or at the bottom, uses less
space.
Rewind the cord by pressing the cord rewinding foot pedal .
Push the slide button on the telescopic tube upwards and push the telescopic tube together to make it
shorter. Release the slide button and let the tube snap into place.
Slide the floor nozzle in the attachment at the back of the device - parking position - or place the vacuum
cleaner upright and slide the floor nozzle in the attachment [6] at the bottom of the appliance.

3
4
1
2
1
5
6
18
Problem Possible cause Solution
The suction has decreased. The dust bag is full. Remove the full dust bag and place a new one.
The filters are clogged. Replace the motor filter for a new one or clean
the  filter according to the instructions.
The button for the suction power is not set
to max or the extra suction power control
on the handle is open.
Set the suction power to maximum or close the
control for extra suction power on the handle
of the hose.
It is hard to move the brush over
the surface.
The suction power is set too high. Decrease the suction power or open the extra
suction power control on the handle.
The button on the brush is set on the wrong
setting.
Make sure the brushes are retracted on carpet.
Make sure the brushes are down on a hard floor.
The vacuum cleaner makes
more noise.
The tube or hose is clogged. Disconnect the tube and the hose and empty
them.
The motor filter or  filter is clogged. Replace the motor filter.
Clean or replace the  filter.
The dust bag is full. Remove the full dust bag and place a new one.
The dust bag compartment
cannot be closed.
There is no dust bag in place or placed
incorrectly.
Place the dust bag (again) according to the
instructions and close the compartment.
7 frequently asked questions
Contents
1 Introduction
2 Safety
3 Product fiche
4 Description
5 Operation
6 Cleaning and maintenance
7 Extra information
8 Troubleshooting
9 General terms and conditions of service and warranty
1 Introduction
HOW TO USE THIS DOCUMENT
1. Read this document completely. Make sure that you know and understand all the instructions.
2. Obey the safety instructions to prevent injury and/or damage to the appliance and its surroundings.
3. Do the procedures completely and in the given sequence.
4. Keep this document in a safe area for future use. This document is a part of the appliance.
SYMBOLS USED IN THIS DOCUMENT
Safety symbol Function Description
Warning "Warning" means that injury or death
is possible if you do not obey the
instructions.
Caution "Caution" means that damage to the
appliance is possible if you do not
obey the instructions.
Note "Note" is used to give additional
information.
2 Safety
GENERAL SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS
Fully read the instruction manual prior to using the appliance.
Carefully store the instruction manual for future reference.
Only use this appliance for the purposes described in the
instruction manual. If the appliance is used for other purposes
the full responsibility of any consequences lies with the user.
Any damages to the appliance or other products are not covered
by the warranty.
32
If the safety instructions and warnings are not observed, the
manufacturer cannot be held liable for any resulting damage.
Make sure that the appliance is placed out of reach of children.
Children are not always able to understand potential risks.
Teach children how to handle electrical appliances in a
responsible way.
This appliance cannot be used by children from 0 to 8 years.
This appliance can be used by children aged from 8 years and
above and persons with reduced physical sensory or mental
capabilities or lack of experience and knowledge if they have
been given supervision or instruction concerning use of
appliance in a safe way and understand the hazards involved.
Keep the appliance and the mains cable out of reach of children
younger than 8 years.
Children are not allowed to perform cleaning and maintenance.
Do not let children play with the appliance.
DELIVERY
Do a check for damage to the packaging or the appliance that
resulted during transportation.
Do not use a damaged appliance. Contact your supplier.
Dispose of the packaging materials according to local
regulations.
Keep the packaging material out of reach from children. Danger
of suffocation.
INSTALLATION
This appliance should be installed and repaired by an authorized
service only.
Place and connect the appliance according to the installation
regulations.
Make sure that the appliance is not plugged in during
placement.

Check whether the indoor electrical fuse system is connected
according to the regulations.
All electrical connections must match the values of the rating
plate.
If the mains cable is damaged, it can only be replaced by the
service organizations of the manufacturer or equivalent qualified
persons.
Make sure that the appliance is not placed on the mains cable.
Do not use an extension cable or a multiple socket for the
connection. The mains plug must be easily accessible after
installing the appliance.
Do not excessively bend the water inlet and drain hoses or the
mains cable during installation. Make sure that the water inlet
and drain hoses or the mains cable do not become stuck.
After installing the appliance, make sure that you run the
appliance without dishes for the first time.
POSITIONING THE APPLIANCE
When determining the place of the appliance, make sure that
you choose a place where you can easily load and unload it.
Do not place the appliance in a location where the room
temperature can be below 0°C.
Place the appliance close to a water tap or drain and mains
socket. Keep in mind that the connections will not be changed
when they are made.
Do not hold the appliance at the door or control panel to move it.
Make sure that the water inlet and outlet hoses do not get stuck
while placing the appliance.
Place the appliance in a safe and level location.
Make sure that the appliance is level and balanced by adjusting
the feet. When the appliance is placed correctly the door opens
and closes easily.
34
WATER CONNECTION
Make sure that the indoor plumbing is suitable for installing the
appliance.
Install a filter at the water supply to avoid damage to the
appliance due to contamination from the water (sand, clay, rust,
etc.).
Use the new water inlet hose supplied with the appliance.
Before making the connection, run water through the hose.
Make sure that you connect the water inlet hose directly to the
water tap. The pressure of the water tap must be a minimum of
0,03 MPa and a maximum of 1 MPa. Install a pressure relief
valve if the pressure is more than 1 MPa.
After connecting the appliance, open the water tap completely
and do a check for leaks.
The appliance is supplied with a double-walled aquastop. The
system automatically cuts off the water supply if the water inlet
hose is leaking and the space between the walls is filled with
water. Do not cut into the aquastop and make sure that the
aquastop does not get twisted or stuck.
Do not use a drain hose that is longer than 4 meter. As a result,
dishes can remain dirty. The manufacturer will not accept
responsibility.
The appliance must be connected to the water mains using the
newly supplied hose sets. Do not reuse old hose sets.
ELECTRICAL CONNECTION
Make sure that the mains plug of the appliance is connected to a
grounded mains socket. The manufacturer is not responsible for
damage resulting from using the appliance with a mains socket
that is not grounded.
Make sure that the voltage and the frequency values for the
current correspond to the values of the rating plate.

The electrical system in your home must be supplied with a 16
Amp fuse. The appliance is designed for connecting to 220-240
V ~50Hz.
Do not connect the appliance during placement.
Use the provided mains plug.
The mains cable of the appliance must only be replaced by an
authorized service or an authorized electrician. Failure to do so
can lead to accidents.
For safety reasons, make sure that you disconnect the mains
plug when a program has finished. Do not disconnect the mains
plug when your hands are wet. This can result in electric shock.
Always pull the mains plug when you disconnect the appliance.
Do not pull the mains cable.
SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS FOR OPERATION
This appliance is intended to use in household and similar
applications, such as shops, offices and other working
environments, farm houses, customers of motels, hotels and
other residential environments and bed and breakfasts.
For safety reasons, only use accessories and spare parts from
the manufacturer that are suitable for your appliance.
This appliance must be grounded, this prevents the risk of
electric shock in the event of an error or fault. The appliance has
a grounded mains cable and mains plug. Only connect the
mains plug to a grounded mains socket that is installed
according to local electrical regulations.
Incorrectly connecting the mains cable can result in a life
threatening situation. In case of doubt, contact a qualified
electrician or service technician.
Do not make changes to the mains plug. If the mains plug does
not fit into the mains socket, contact a qualified electrician.
Do not place heavy objects on the opened door of the appliance.
36
Do not stand on the opened door of the appliance. The
appliance can fall over which can result into damage to the
appliance.
Do not put any chemical dissolving agents such as solvents in
the appliance. There is a risk of explosion.
Do not clean unsuitable plastic dishes in the appliance. Only
dishes with a mark, indicating that they are dishwasher-safe can
be cleaned in the appliance. Follow the instructions of the
manufacturer when dishes do not have a mark.
Only use detergent, rinse aid and salt that is intended for
dishwashers. The manufacturer will not be responsible for any
damage resulting from using unsuitable products.
Keep detergent and rinse aid out of reach of children.
Keep children away from the appliance when the door is open.
There can be cleaning agent present in the appliance. When
cleaning agent is swallowed, immediately consult a doctor and
take the packaging.
Some dishwasher detergents are strongly alkaline and can be
extremely dangerous if swallowed. Avoid contact with the skin
and eyes. Keep children and pets away from the appliance
when the door is open. Check that the detergent reservoir is
empty after completion of the wash cycle.
Keep the door closed. You can fall.
Avoid contact between the cleaning agent and your skin and
eyes.
Make sure that all loose components in the appliance are fitted
correctly.
Do not open the door of the appliance during operation. Hot
water can come out.
Do not use the appliance for any other purpose than washing
dishes.
Only use the appliance in a frost free room.

Remove the door or deactivate the lock when disposing of the
appliance. Make sure that children cannot lock themselves in an
old appliance.
Make sure that the detergent reservoir is empty at the end of a
wash cycle.
Make sure that you fill the salt and rinse aid reservoir before first
use and when the indicators are on.
Make sure that you set the salt consumption before use.
Make sure that you disconnect the appliance before cleaning or
performing repairs. Remove the mains plug from the mains
socket or turn off the switch in the fuse box.
Make sure that long and/or sharp items of cutlery are placed
facing down in the cutlery basket or are placed horizontally in
the upper basket or the cutlery drawer.
Do not put any items in the appliance that are not suitable for
dishwashing.
Do not fill a basket above the capacity. The manufacturer will
not be responsible for damage to the appliance caused by
movement of a basket.
Do not drink the water from the appliance. The water is not
suitable for consumption.
Malfunctions of the appliance must be repaired by a qualified
service technician. Repairs that are performed by other persons
are not covered by the warranty.
3 Product fiche
PRODUCT FICHE
Item Specification
Model IVW6040A
Number of place settings 15 couverts
Energy efficiency class  A+++
Annual power consumption [Aec] kWh  241
Power consumption standard cycle [Et] 0.84
Power consumption in OFF mode [Po] 0.50
38
Item Specification
Power consumption in standby mode [PI] 1.00
Annual water consumption  2520
Drying efficiency class  A
Standard program ECO
Standard program duration  254
Noise level dB(A) 39
Type of appliance Built-in
 A+++ (highest efficiency) to D (lowest efficiency)
 Based on 280 standard cleaning cycles. The actual power/water consumption depends on the actual frequency
of usage.
 A (highest efficiency) to G (lowest efficiency)
 The standard program is suitable for cleaning normally soiled tableware. It is the most efficient program in
terms of the combined energy and water consumption for that type of tableware.
Note:
The values are measured in accordance with standards under specified operating conditions. Results
can vary greatly to quantity and dishes, water hardness, amount of detergent, etc.
GENERAL SPECIFICATIONS
Item Specification
Fully integrated Yes
Color of control panel Black stainless steel
Number of spray arms 3
Upper basket height adjustable Yes
Maximum amount of place settings 15
Half-load option Yes
Extra-fast option Yes
Extra-silent option Yes
Timer [hours] 1-19
Type of display LED display
Aquastop Yes
Type of drying system Turbo
Interior light 4 spots
DIMENSIONS AND WEIGHT
Item Specification
Dimensions (W x D x H) [mm] 598 x 550 x 820
Built-in height [mm] 820-870
Built-in width [mm] 600
Built-in depth [mm] 570
Height of appliance door (min. & max.) [mm] 647-717

Item Specification
Net weight [kg] 38
Gross weight [kg] 40
Weight of appliance door (min. & max.) [kg] 3-8
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
Item Specification
Total power consumption [W] 1900
Heating power [W] 1800
Pump power [W] 100
Drain pump power [W] 30
Rated voltage [V] / frequency [Hz] 220-240 / 50
Water supply pressure [MPa] 0.03 (0.3 bar) - 1 (10 bar)
Current [A] 10
Length of mains cable [m] 1.65
Type of mains plug EU/TR
Type of supply hose connection 3/4 inch, inner thread
Position of supply hose Right rear
Length of supply hose [m] 1.70
Position of outlet hose Right rear
Length of outlet hose [m] 2.00
4 Description
INTENDED USE
The appliance is intended to wash dishes.
Do not use the appliance for any other purpose than described in this document.
BUILT-IN DISHWASHER
(Figure 1)
A Nozzle of the cutlery drawer
B Spots
C LED indicator
D Cutlery drawer
E Upper basket
F Lower basket
G Rating plate
H Control panel
I Detergent and rinse aid reservoir
J Cutlery basket
K Salt reservoir
L Filters
M Lower spray arm
N Upper spray arm
40
Item Function
Nozzle of the cutlery drawer To clean the dishes in the cutlery drawer.
Spots To provide light inside the appliance during loading and
unloading:
The spots come on when the door is open.
The spots go off when the door is closed.
When the appliance is in standby, the spots turn off
4 minutes after opening the door. If you push a
button during this time, the spots come on again.
LED indicator To show the state of the appliance. Refer to section
'LED indicator'.
The LED indicator projects a light on the floor.
Cutlery drawer Refer to section 'Loading the appliance'.
Upper basket Refer to section 'Loading the appliance'.
Lower basket Refer to section 'Loading the appliance'.
Rating label To show the specifications of the appliance.
Control panel Refer to section 'Control panel'.
Detergent and rinse aid reservoir To hold the detergent and rinse aid.
Cutlery basket Refer to section 'Loading the appliance'.
Salt reservoir To hold the salt.
Filters To keep the appliance free from contamination.
Lower spray arm To clean the dishes in the lower basket.
Upper spray arm To clean the dishes in the upper basket.
CONTROL PANEL
(Figure 2)
A On/off button
B Programs
C Display
D Program selector button
E Timer button
F Tablet detergent button
G Extra-silent button
H Half-load / extra-fast button
I Extra-fast indicator
J Half-load indicator
K Salt indicator
L Rinse aid indicator
M Ready indicator
Item Function
On/off button To start or stop the appliance.
Programs To show an overview of the available programs. Refer to
section 'Programs'.
Display To show the remaining time of the selected program and
the timer.
Program selector button To select a program.
Timer button To delay the start of a program.
Tablet detergent button To indicate you use a combined detergent that includes
salt and rinse aid.
Extra-silent button To select the extra-silent option. The appliance has a
reduced noise level of 36 dB.

Item Function
Half-load / extra-fast button To select an area for dishwashing: the upper basket,
the lower basket or both baskets.
To select the extra-fast option. The program time
reduces.
Extra-fast indicator To show that the extra-fast option is selected.
Half-load indicator To show which area for dishwashing is selected:
The upper indicator is on, when the upper basket is
selected as a dishwashing area.
The lower indicator is on, when the lower basket is
selected as a dishwashing area.
Both indicators are on, when both the upper and the
lower basket are selected as dishwashing areas.
Salt indicator To show that the level of salt is low.
The indicator is on when the salt reservoir is almost
empty.
Rinse aid indicator To show that the level of rinse aid is low.
The indicator is on when the rinse aid reservoir is almost
empty.
Ready indicator To show that a program is finished.
PROGRAMS
Icon Name Description Time
[min.]
P1 - Quick rinse Fastest program for lightly soiled and recently used
dishes. The program is suitable for 4 place settings.
14
P2 - Quick '30 Short program for lightly soiled dishes, such as cups and
glasses.
30
P3 - Eco Daily program for normally soiled dishes. The program
takes longer, but uses less water and slowly heats for
lower energy consumption.
254
P4 - Duo wash Program for both lightly soiled, delicate glassware and
heavily soiled dishes at the same time.
112
P5 - Quick '50 Short program for normally soiled dishes. 50
P6 - Hygiene Program for heavily soiled dishes that need a hygienic
cleaning.
154
P7 - Auto delicate Auto program for normally soiled, delicate dishes. 64-91
42
Icon Name Description Time
[min.]
P8 - Auto basic Auto program for normally soiled dishes. 100-122
P9 - Auto intensive Auto program for heavily soiled dishes. 111-179
Note:
For the auto delicate, auto basic and auto intensive programs, the appliance automatically adjusts the
washing time, the temperature and the amount of water based on the soil level of the dishes.
5 Operation
PREPARING FOR OPERATION
1. Do a check if the electricity and the water supply connections of the appliance match the values indicated in the
installation instructions.
2. Remove all packaging material inside the appliance.
3. Fill the salt reservoir. Refer to section 'Filling the salt reservoir'.
4. Fill the rinse aid reservoir. Refer to section 'Filling the rinse aid reservoir'.
FILLING THE SALT RESERVOIR
For a good result the appliance needs soft (less calcareous) water. Salt is used to soften the water and it prevents
white lime residues on your dishes and the interior of the appliance.
Caution:
Only use salt that is suitable for a dishwasher. Do not use table salt.
Note:
Fill the salt reservoir when the salt indicator on the control panel is on.
1. Remove the lower basket.
2. Turn the cap (A) of the salt reservoir counter-clockwise to remove it.
3. Fill the salt reservoir with water.
Note:
You only have to fill the salt reservoir with water before first use of the appliance.
4. Put a funnel in the opening of the salt reservoir.
5. Fill the reservoir with salt until the overflow level.
6. Install the cap of the salt reservoir.
Caution:
Remove any spilled salt immediately and run a full program to prevent corrosion of the appliance.
(Figure 3)
(Figure 4)
(Figure 5)

SETTING THE LEVEL OF SALT CONSUMPTION
The salt consumption of the appliance depends on the level of water hardness.
Set the level of salt consumption according to the information in section 'Water hardness level settings (salt
consumption)'.
Note:
Contact your local water company to verify the level of water hardness in your area.
Note:
As a default, the level of water hardness of the appliance is set to level 3.
1. Make sure that the appliance is off.
2. Push and hold the program selector button and push the on/off button.
3. Hold the program selector button until the display briefly shows SL. After that the display shows the latest set
level of water hardness.
4. Push the program selector button to change the level of water hardness.
5. Push the on/off button to confirm the setting.
FILLING THE DETERGENT RESERVOIR
Warning:
Store detergent out of reach of children in a cool and dry place.
Caution:
Only use detergent that is suitable for dishwashers.
Caution:
Do not put a detergent tablet in the cutlery basket, only use the detergent reservoir.
Note:
Detergent is available in powder, gel and tablets and is also available as a combined product (with salt
and/or rinse aid). Combined products only produce sufficient results under certain conditions. Observe
the instructions of the packaging.
1. Make sure that you fill the detergent reservoir before you start the appliance.
2. Push the latch (A) to open the detergent reservoir.
3. Fill the reservoir (B) with detergent:
a. Use 25 grams of detergent for heavily soiled dishes.
b. Use 15 grams of detergent for lightly soiled dishes.
Caution:
The detergent reservoir has a capacity of 40 grams. Do not overfill the detergent reservoir. This can
result in poorly dissolving detergent and damage to your glassware.
4. Close the detergent reservoir.
5. Push the tablet detergent button if you use a combined product.
6. Select a program.
7. Close the door.
FILLING THE RINSE AID RESERVOIR
Rinse aid is used to prevent traces of water droplets on clean dishes and increases drying performance.
(Figure 6)
(Figure 7)
44
Caution:
Only use rinse aid that is suitable for dishwashers.
Note:
Fill the rinse aid reservoir when the rinse aid indicator on the control panel is on.
1. Open the rinse aid reservoir (A).
2. Fill the reservoir (B) with rinse aid until the MAX level.
Caution:
Remove any spilled rinse aid immediately. Spilled rinse aid can form extreme foam which can cause
leaks.
SETTING THE LEVEL OF RINSE AID CONSUMPTION
When water stains form on your dishes after a wash cycle, you have to increase the level of rinse aid consumption.
When blue stains form on your dishes after a wash cycle, you have to decrease the level of rinse aid consumption.
Set the level of rinse aid consumption according to the information in section 'Rinse aid consumption settings'.
Note:
As a default, the level of rinse aid consumption of the appliance is set to level 4.
1. Make sure that the appliance is off.
2. Push and hold the program selector button and push the on/off button.
3. Hold the program selector button until the display briefly shows rA. After that the display shows the latest set level
of rinse aid consumption.
4. Push the program selector button to change the level of rinse aid consumption.
5. Push the on/off button to confirm the setting.
LOADING THE APPLIANCE
Correctly placing dishes into the appliance has a positive effect on the energy consumption and the washing and
drying performance of your appliance.
You can place dishes in the cutlery drawer or basket, the upper basket and the lower basket.
Caution:
Make sure that you load the appliance in such a way that the dishes do not block the upper and lower
spray arm. If the spray arms are blocked they cannot spin during washing.
Loading the cutlery drawer
The cutlery drawer is designed for loading cutlery. You can remove the cutlery drawer partly to create more space in
the upper basket or you can remove it completely for easy loading.
1. If necessary, remove the cutlery drawer from the appliance. Refer to section 'Removing the cutlery drawer'.
2. Place the cutlery items in the drawer.
Loading the cutlery basket
The cutlery basket is designed for loading cutlery.
Warning:
Place sharp items of cutlery, such as knives and forks, face down in the cutlery basket to prevent injury.
(Figure 8)
(Figure 9)
(Figure 10)

Caution:
Make sure that there are no items of cutlery sticking out of the bottom of the basket.
1. Place the cutlery piece by piece in a compartment of the cutlery basket to make sure that the
spray arms can reach all items.
Loading the upper basket
The upper basket is designed for loading cups and saucers, small bowls and glasses. You can both adjust the height
of the upper basket and the height of the racks of the upper basket to create more space.
1. If necessary, adjust the height of the racks of the upper basket. Refer to section 'Adjusting the height of the racks
of the upper basket'.
2. If necessary, adjust the height of the upper basket. Refer to section 'Adjusting the height of the upper basket'.
3. Place the dishes in the upper basket.
4. Make sure that you place wine glasses and long-stem glasses against the edge of the basket, rack or glass
supporter wire.
Caution:
Do not place wine glasses and long-stem glasses against other items to prevent damage to the
glasses.
5. Place long, small cooking utensils, such as wooden spoons, in the middle of the upper basket.
Loading the lower basket
The lower basket is designed for loading pots with long handles, pans, lids, plates and salad bowls. The lower basket
also has space for the cutlery basket. You can fold the racks of the lower basket to create more space for larger
items.
1. If necessary, fold the racks of the lower basket. Refer to section 'Folding the racks of the lower
basket'.
2. Place the dishes in the lower basket.
ADJUSTING THE HEIGHT OF THE RACKS OF THE UPPER BASKET
The racks can be moved up to create more space in the upper basket, for example to place different-sized glasses
under the racks or to place cutlery items on the racks.
1. Move the racks (A) up or down.
ADJUSTING THE HEIGHT OF THE UPPER BASKET
The complete upper basket can be moved to create more space in the upper basket or in the lower basket. When the
upper basket is in the upper position, you can place large items, such as pots and large plates, in the lower basket.
When the upper basket is in the lower position, you can place large plates in the upper basket.
1. Move the upper basket (A) up or down. Use the handles (B) on each side of the basket.
FOLDING THE RACKS OF THE LOWER BASKET
The racks can be folded down to create more space in the lower basket, for example to place large items (pots,
pans, etc.) in the basket. The racks can be folded separately or all together.
1. Push the racks (A) to fold them down.
2. Pull the racks upwards to put them in the up position.
REMOVING THE CUTLERY DRAWER
The cutlery drawer can be removed partly to create more space in the upper basket or it can be removed completely
for easy loading.
(Figure 11)
(Figure 12)
(Figure 13)
(Figure 14)
(Figure 15)
(Figure 16)
(Figure 17)
46
1. Remove (part of) the cutlery drawer from the appliance.
STARTING THE APPLIANCE
1. Push the on/off button to start the appliance. The ready indicator goes on.
CHOOSING A PROGRAM
Note:
For an overview of the programs, refer to section 'Programs'.
Note:
If you used an extra option with the previous program, this option will remain active for the new program.
1. Use the program selector button to choose a program. The display shows the selected program and the duration.
2. Use the timer button to delay the start time of the program. Refer to section 'Delaying the program'.
3. Use the extra-silent button or the half-load / extra-fast button to add an option to the selected program.
Note:
If an option is not compatible with the selected program, a buzzer sounds.
4. If necessary, cancel a selected option by pushing the button for the selected option again until the corresponding
indicator goes off.
The program starts when you close the door.
CHANGING THE PROGRAM
You can change the program while the appliance is running.
1. Carefully open the door to avoid water spillage.
2. Use the program selector button to choose another program.
3. Close the door.
The newly selected program will resume the course of the previously selected program.
DELAYING THE PROGRAM
Note:
The start time of a program can be delayed for a maximum of 19 hours.
1. Push the timer button to delay the start time of a program. Every time you push the button the timer increases by
1 hour.
2. Push the timer button again to change the time or cancel the timer.
3. Close the door to activate the timer.
The program will start when the timer has finished.
RESETTING THE PROGRAM
You can reset the program while the appliance is running.
1. Carefully open the door to avoid water spillage. The display shows the selected program.
2. Push and hold the program selector button for 3 seconds. The ready indicator flashes and the display shows 1.
3. Close the door to let the appliance drain the water inside. This takes about 30 seconds.
A buzzer sounds five times and the ready indicator is on when the program is cancelled.
(Figure 10)

STOPPING THE APPLIANCE
Note:
The appliance is silent for 40 to 45 minutes during the drying process.
Note:
A buzzer sounds five times and the ready indicator is on when a program is finished.
1. Open the door.
2. Wait a few minutes before you unload the appliance. The dishes are very hot and can break.
3. Push the on/off button to switch off the appliance.
6 Cleaning and maintenance
CLEANING THE APPLIANCE
Caution:
Make sure that the appliance is off.
Note:
If you clean the appliance regularly, it will improve the service life.
1. Clean the outside of the appliance. Use a damp cloth.
2. Clean the seals of the door. Use a soft cloth.
3. Clean the inside of the appliance in case of high contamination:
a. Fill the detergent reservoir with a special cleaning agent for dishwashers.
b. Select a program with a high temperature.
c. Start the program.
CLEANING THE FILTERS
The filter system of the appliance consists of three components: the main filter, the micro filter and the sieve.
Clean the filters weekly.
Warning:
Do not use the appliance without the filter system.
Note:
Clean filters make sure that your appliance functions correctly.
1. Remove the lower basket.
2. Turn the main filter (A) counter-clockwise to remove it.
Note:
The micro filter is attached to the main filter.
3. Remove the main filter (A) from the micro filter (B).
4. Remove the sieve (C).
5. Clean the main filter, the micro filter and the sieve. Use warm water and a dishwasing brush.
6. Install the sieve.
(Figure 18)
(Figure 19)
(Figure 20)
48
7. Install the main filter into the micro filter. Make sure that the markers are aligned.
8. Install the main filter into the sieve.
9. Turn the main filter clockwise to fasten it.
Caution:
Make sure that the filters are placed correctly. Incorrect placement of the filters affects the maximum
performance of the appliance.
CLEANING THE SPRAY ARMS
1. Remove the upper and lower basket.
2. Remove the nut (A).
3. Remove the upper spray arm (B).
4. Pull the lower spray arm (C) upwards to remove it.
5. Clean the spray arms. Use warm water.
6. Install the lower spray arm (C).
7. Install the upper spray arm (B).
8. Tighten the nut (A).
7 Extra information
LED INDICATOR
LED indicator State of the appliance
Red, continuous The appliance is running a program.
Red, flashing A program is cancelled.
Red, flashing rapidly The appliance has an error. Refer to section 'Fault
codes'.
Green, continuous A program is finished.
Note:
The LED indicator does not operate when the door of the appliance is opened.
WATER HARDNESS LEVEL SETTINGS (SALT CONSUMPTION)
Level German hardness
[dH]
French hardness
[dF]
British hardness [dE] Display indicator
1 0-5 0-9 0-6 L1
2 6-11 10-20 7-14 L2
3 12-17 21-30 15-21 L3
4 18-22 31-40 22-28 L4
5 23-31 41-55 29-39 L5
6 32-50 56-90 40-63 L6
(Figure 21)
(Figure 22)
(Figure 23)

RINSE AID CONSUMPTION SETTINGS
Level Number of rinse aid doses that is dispensed Display indicator
1 Rinse aid not dispensed r1
2 1 dose r2
3 2 doses r3
4 3 doses r4
5 4 doses r5
8 Troubleshooting
GENERAL TROUBLESHOOTING PROCEDURE
1. Try to find a solution for the problem with the help of the troubleshooting table and the fault codes.
2. If you cannot find a solution for the problem, reset the appliance. Refer to section 'Resetting the program'.
3. If the fault code keeps re-occuring, contact the -servicedienst.
TROUBLESHOOTING TABLE
Problem Possible cause Possible solution
The program does not start. The mains plug is not connected. Connect the mains plug.
There is a problem with the fuse. Do a check on the fuse box.
There is no water supply. Open the water tap.
The door of the appliance is open. Close the door.
The appliance is switched off. Start the appliance. Refer to section
'Starting the appliance'.
The water inlet hose and filters are
clogged.
Make sure that the water inlet hose
and the filters are not clogged.
A function indicator is on and the
display goes on and off.
The door is open. Close the door.
The ready indicator does not go off
when a program is finished.
The on/off button is pushed. Release the on/off button.
The detergent reservoir contains
detergent residues.
The detergent reservoir is filled while
the reservoir was still damp.
Make sure that you fill the detergent
reservoir when it is dry.
The appliance contains water when
the program is finished.
The drain hose is clogged or twisted. Make sure that the drain hose is
not clogged.
Make sure that the drain hose is
not twisted.
The filters are clogged. Clean the filters. Refer to section
'Cleaning the filters'.
The program has not finished. Wait until the program is finished.
A buzzer sounds five times and the
ready indicator is on when a program
is finished.
The appliance stops during a
program.
There is a power failure. Make sure that there is power.
There is a water inlet failure. Make sure that there is water inlet
supply.
50
Problem Possible cause Possible solution
The program is paused. Start the program.
The appliance makes unusual
sounds during a program.
The appliance is not loaded
correctly.
Make sure that you load the
appliance correctly. Refer to section
'Loading the appliance'.
One of the spray arms hits the
dishes.
Make sure that you load the
appliance correctly. Refer to section
'Loading the appliance'.
There is food waste left on the
dishes.
The appliance is not loaded correctly
and the spray arms cannot reach all
the dishes.
Make sure that you load the
appliance correctly. Refer to section
'Loading the appliance'.
The cutlery basket is too full. Make sure that you load the
appliance correctly. Refer to section
'Loading the appliance'.
The dishes are placed too close
together.
Make sure that you load the
appliance correctly. Refer to section
'Loading the appliance'.
The amount of detergent is
insufficient.
Make sure that you fill the detergent
reservoir with a sufficient amount of
detergent. Refer to section 'Filling
the detergent reservoir'.
The selected program is not suitable
for the loaded dishes.
Choose a suitable program. Refer to
section 'Programs'.
One of the spray arms is clogged. Clean the spray arms. Refer to
section 'Cleaning the spray arms'.
The filters are clogged. Clean the filters. Refer to section
'Cleaning the filters'.
The filters are not placed correctly. Make sure that you correctly place
the filters.
The water drain pump is clogged. Make sure that the water drain pump
is not clogged.
There are white stains on the dishes. The amount of detergent is
insufficient.
Make sure that you fill the detergent
reservoir with a sufficient amount of
detergent. Refer to section 'Filling
the detergent reservoir'.
The level of rinse aid consumption is
set too low.
Adjust the level of rinse aid
consumption. Refer to section
'Setting the level of rinse aid
consumption'.
There is a high level of water
hardness and no salt is used.
Fill the salt reservoir. Refer to
section 'Filling the salt reservoir'.
The level of water hardness is set
too low, which affects the salt
consumption.
Adjust the level of salt consumption.
Refer to section 'Setting the level of
salt consumption'.
The cap of the salt reservoir is not
closed correctly.
Make sure that the cap of the salt
reservoir is closed firmly.
The dishes are not dry. The selected program does not
include drying.
Choose a program that includes
drying. Refer to section 'Programs'.

Problem Possible cause Possible solution
The level of rinse aid consumption is
set too low.
Adjust the level of rinse aid
consumption. Refer to section
'Setting the level of rinse aid
consumption'.
The appliance is unloaded too
quickly after the program is finished.
Wait a few minutes after the program
is finished before you unload the
appliance.
There are rust stains on the dishes. The stainless steel quality of the
dishes is insufficient.
Make sure that you only clean
dishwasher-safe dishes in the
appliance.
The level of salt consumption is set
too high.
Adjust the level of salt consumption.
Refer to section 'Setting the level of
salt consumption'.
The cap of the salt reservoir is not
closed correctly.
Make sure that the cap of the salt
reservoir is closed firmly.
Any spilled salt during filling of the
salt reservoir was not cleaned
immediately.
Make sure that you clean any spilled
salt immediately and run a full
program to prevent corrosion.
The water supply is polluted. Do a check on the water supply.
FAULT CODES
The fault codes are shown on the display of the control panel.
Fault code Possible cause Possible solution
F5 There is insufficient water supply. Make sure that the water tap is fully open and that
the water supply is not blocked.
Close the water tap, remove the water inlet hose and
do a check if the hose is clogged.
Start the appliance again.
Contact the -servicedienst if the fault code
keeps re-occuring.
F3 The water supply does not stop. Close the water tap.
Contact the -servicedienst.
F2 The waste water in the appliance cannot
be discharged.
Do a check if the drain hose is clogged.
Do a check if the filters are clogged.
Switch the appliance off and reset the program. Refer
to section 'Resetting the program'.
Contact the -servicedienst if the fault code
keeps re-occuring.
F8 The heater has an error. Contact the -servicedienst.
F1 The safety for water overflow is
activated.
Contact the -servicedienst.
FE There is an electronic error. Contact the -servicedienst.
F7 The temperature of the appliance is too
high.
Contact the -servicedienst.
52
Fault code Possible cause Possible solution
F9 The position of the distributor has an
error.
Contact the -servicedienst.
F6 The heat sensor has an error. Contact the -servicedienst.
9 General terms and conditions of service and warranty
We do not need to remind you of the importance of service. After all, we develop our products to a standard so that
you can enjoy them for many years, without any concerns. If, nevertheless, there is a problem, we believe you are
entitled to a solution straight away. Hence our products come with an exchange service, on top of the rights and
claims you are entitled to by law. By exchanging a product or part, we save you time, effort and costs.
2-year full manufacturer’s warranty
1. Customers enjoy a 2-year full manufacturer’s warranty on all  products. Within this period, a faulty
product or part will always be exchanged for a new model, free of charge. In order to claim under the 2-year full
manufacturer’s warranty, you can either return the product to the shop you bought it from or contact the
costumer service department via the form at 'https://www..eu/service-aanvraag'.
2. The 2-year warranty period starts from the date the product is bought.
3. In order to claim under the warranty, you must produce a copy of the original receipt.
4. The warranty applies only to normal domestic use of  products within the Netherlands.
5-year  warranty
1.  offers a 5-year warranty on most large domestic appliances and a selection of small domestic
appliances. This 5-year  warranty consists of a 2-year full manufacturer’s warranty, extended by a
further 3-year warranty. The only thing you need to do to qualify for the 3-year extended warranty is to register
the product within 45 days of purchase. You can read more about registering the product in the following
paragraph.
2. In accordance with the 5-year  warranty provisions, a faulty product or part will always be exchanged for
a new model during the first 2 years under the warranty. During the 3rd to 5th year under the warranty, you will
only pay the costs of exchange. The current costs of exchange are listed at 'https://www..eu/
omruilkosten'.
3. In order to claim under the 5-year  warranty, you can either return the product to the shop you bought it
from or contact the  costumer service department via the form at 'https://www..eu/serviceaanvraag'.
4. The 5-year warranty period starts from the date the product is bought.
5. In order to claim under the warranty, you must produce a copy of the original receipt.
6. The warranty applies only to normal domestic use of  products within the Netherlands.
Product registration
1. The 3-year extended warranty is easy to obtain, free of charge, by registering the product within 45 days of
purchase, via the website 'https://www..eu/garantie-registratie'. If you did not register the product within
45 days of purchase, you can still do so up to 2 years after the purchase date. However, there will be a charge.
The one-off registration charge is € 89 for each separate product. Registration is possible only for products that
are subject to the 5-year  warranty. Whether the product qualifies for the 5-year  warranty is
stated in the product user manual and in the product information sheet, on ’s website.
2. The warranty period always starts from the date the product is bought. If the product is registered for the
extended warranty at a later date, the warranty period still starts from the original date of purchase.
3. The 3-year extended warranty can only be applied for if you are in the possession of a copy of the original receipt
and the  5-year warranty certificate.
Large domestic appliances
1. Breakdowns or faults in large domestic appliances (separate and built-in white goods) can be registered via the
form at 'https://www..eu/service-aanvraag', by calling the  costumer service department or in
the store where you bought the device. The telephone number of the costumer service department can be found
at 'https://www..eu'.

2. In the event of breakdowns or faults in large domestic appliances,  will have the option to have a service
engineer inspect the faulty device onsite at the customer in the Netherlands and to carry out repairs, there and
then. The  customer service department can also decide to have the device exchanged.
3. If you suffer a breakdown or fault in a large domestic appliance during the first 2 years from the date of purchase,
 will not charge any costs for the exchange, call-out or for parts and labour.
4. If you registered the product as described before at 'https://www..eu/garantie-registratie' and you
subsequently report a breakdown of a large domestic appliance in the 3rd to 5th year of the date of purchase, the
5-year  warranty applies and the device will be repaired or exchanged, free of charge. In the event of a
repair or exchange of the device, you only pay the costs of exchange. The current costs of exchange are listed at
'https://www..eu/omruilkosten'. If you did not register the product, the 3-year extended warranty does not
apply.
5. When reporting a breakdown or fault, a service engineer will contact the customer within 1 working day in order to
make an appointment. When the report is made in a weekend or during a public holiday, this will be the next
working day.
6. If you report a breakdown or fault via the form at 'https://www..eu/service-aanvraag', you will be kept
informed of the progress via mobile messages and e-mail.
7. The warranty period starts from the date the product is bought.
8. In order to claim under the warranty, you must produce a copy of the original receipt and the  5-year
warranty certificate.
9. The warranty applies only to normal domestic use of  products within the Netherlands.
Breakdowns or faults outside the warranty period
1. Breakdowns or faults in small or large domestic appliances outside the warranty period, can be reported to the
costumer services department via the form at 'https://www..eu/service-aanvraag' or by calling the
costumer services department.
2. The costumer services department may ask you to send the product for inspection or repair. The costs of
dispatch will be at your expense.
3. The inspection to establish whether repair is possible involves a charge. You need to grant your permission for
this, in advance.
4. In the event of a large domestic appliance, , at your request, can send out a service engineer. In that
case, you will be charged the call-out costs, as well as parts and labour.
5. In the event of an instruction to repair, the repair costs must be paid in advance. In the event of a repair by a
service engineer, the costs of the repair must be settled with the engineer onsite, preferably by means of PIN
payment.
Warranty exclusions
1. The following is excluded from the aforesaid warranties:
normal wear and tear;
improper use or misuse;
insufficient maintenance;
failure to comply with the operating and maintenance instructions;
unprofessional installation or repairs by third parties or the customer himself;
non-original parts used by the customer;
use for commercial or business purposes;
removal of the serial number and/or rating label.
2. In addition, the warranty does not apply to normal consumer goods, such as:
dough hooks, baking tins, (carbon) filters, etc.;
batteries, bulbs, carbon filters, fat filters, etc.;
external connection cables;
glass accessories and glass parts such as oven doors;
and similar items.
3. Transport damage not caused by  is also excluded. Therefore, inspect your new device before starting
to use it. If you detect any damage, you must report this to the store where you purchased the product within 5
working days, or to the  customer service department via the form at 'https://www..eu/serviceaanvraag'. If transport damage is not reported within this period,  does not accept any liability in this
respect.
54
4. The following are excluded from warranty and/or replacement: faults, loss of and damage to the device as a
result of an event that is normally insured under the home contents insurance.
Important to know
1. The replacement or repair of a faulty product, or a part thereof, does not lead to an extension of the original
warranty period.
2. Parts that have been replaced, packaging material and exchanged devices are taken back by the service
engineer and become the property of .
3. If a complaint is unfounded, all costs arising from it will be at the customer’s expense.
4. Following expiry of the warranty period, all costs of repair or replacement, including administration costs, dispatch
and call-out charges, will be charged to the customer.
5.  cannot be held liable for damage as a result of devices built in incorrectly.
6.  cannot be held liable for damage caused by external events, unless this liability arises from mandatory

Speed: up to 31,000 brush head movements/Min.
Performance: removes up to 10 times more plaque *
Benefits for health: improves the health of your gums in just 2 weeks
White Teeth: two-way whiter teeth
Timer: 2-minute timer and QuadPacer
Easy to use
Battery display: illuminated icon indicates battery status to
Handle: Slim, ergonomic design
Display: Illuminated Display
Brush head system: Easy snap-on brush heads
Operating time (full to empty battery): up to 3 weeks*
Voltage: 110 to 220 V
Cleaning programs
Clean: for excellent daily cleaning
White: removes superficial discoloration
Sensitive: gentle cleaning of teeth and gums
Gum Care: massage gently the gums
Deep Clean: for a thorough cleaning
Speed: up to 31,000 brush head movements/Min.
Performance: removes up to 10 times more plaque *
Benefits for health: improves the health of your gums in just 2 weeks
White Teeth: two-way whiter teeth
Timer: 2-minute timer and QuadPacer
Easy to use
Battery display: illuminated icon indicates battery status to
Handle: Slim, ergonomic design
Display: Illuminated Display
Brush head system: Easy snap-on brush heads
Operating time (full to empty battery): up to 3 weeks*
Voltage: 110 to 220 V
Cleaning programs
Clean: for excellent daily cleaning
White: removes superficial discoloration
Sensitive: gentle cleaning of teeth and gums
Gum Care: massage gently the gums
Deep Clean: for a thorough cleaning
5 Plaster Programs
2 DIAMOND clean hand parts
Charging glass
With deep clean plaster program
Highlights & Details
Ions cause deep cleansing of the skin
The built-in ionizer emits the finest, 40°C warm ion steam
The nozzle can be adjusted at a 45° angle
Facts
Ions cause deep cleansing of the skin
Improves hydration
The built-in ionizer emits the finest, 40 °C warm ion steam
The nozzle can be adjusted at a 45° angle
Life of a tank filling: 15 minutes
Capacity 90 ml
Delivery
Ion facial sauna
User manual
Intensive foot reflexology massage
Two different types of massages can be selected
Shiatsu massage the soles and heels
Intensive foot reflexology massage
Two different types of massages can be selected
Shiatsu massage the soles and heels
Compression massage of the Foot Tops
Switchable red light and heat function
2 Intensity levels of compression massage can be selected
Promotes blood circulation and revitalizes tired feet
Removable, washable inner lining
Easy to maintain material
Comfortable size (up to shoe size 46)
Cable length: approx. 180 cm.
With recirculation function
Versatile - always juicy and tasty
Easy and quick baking of rolls etc.
Heat-resistant paint
Recirculation function
5-stage switch
Temperature settings between 100°C and 230°C
Interior lighting; automatic shut-off

LOOKING AFTER YOUR DYSON HAND DRYER
HOW TO USE
Place your hands beneath the Dyson hand dryer and it will start automatically, creating sheets of air to scrape water
from your hands.
For best dry time results:
1. Keep your hands flat and parallel to the machine surface approximately 5mm from the blade, drawing your hands
through the airflow from your wrists to finger tips.
2. Move your hands slowly through the airflow keeping a consistent speed, approx. 2.5 seconds per side alternating
between front and back each time.
3. Keep your hands flat, close the gaps between your fingers and keep your thumbs in to ensure that the whole of your
hand is drawn through the airflow.
TROUBLESHOOTING GUIDE
Problem Action
The Dyson hand dryer fails to start. Check fuse/circuit breaker is working and that the power supply is
connected.Must be performed by a qualified electrician.
If a safe method of switching is available, turn the unit on and off.
If a safe method is not available, a qualified electrician must perform
this task.
The Dyson hand dryer sometimes cuts out when in use but resumes
operation after a period of time.
Check the air inlets are clean and free of dust.
If the air inlets are dusty or dirty simply remove the dust or debris with
a soft cloth.
The dry time of the Dyson hand dryer has increased. Inspect the inlet grilles for dust and remove.
Inspect filters and change if required.
The air flow from the Dyson hand dryer is running hotter than usual. Inspect the inlet grilles for dust and remove.
Inspect filters and change if required.
If you have any further questions please contact the Dyson Helpline
CLEANING
The Dyson hand dryer should be cleaned daily.
Follow these 3 simple steps to ensure the machine performs to its best and remains hygienic. Using the wrong cleaning
method or product may invalidate your guarantee.
1. Wipe all surfaces with a soft cloth and non-abrasive cleaner.
2. Clean the air inlets on the sides REGULARLY.
3. Clean the floor and wall beneath and around the machine. This may be required more regularly in high use areas.
GENERAL ADVICE
Contains silver ion antibacterial technology to preserve the surface and can help prevent degradation caused by the
growth of bacteria.
All cleaning chemicals should be used exactly as indicated by the manufacturer’s instructions (including appropriate
dilution).
If a cleaning product is left on the machine for too long, a film will form.
This may reduce the effectiveness of the anti-bacterial surfaces.
Any chemicals intended for use should first be tested on an inconspicuous area to confirm suitability.
Aside from cleaning chemicals, care should be taken to avoid any harmful fluids from coming into contact with the
product, in particular oils and alcohol-based products.
CHEMICAL GUIDELINES
Many professional cleaning chemicals can be used. The following are some that are harmful to the machine and should
not be used. Use of these will invalidate your warranty.
Do not use:
Alcohol-acid mixes
Alcohol
Solvent / oil-based products
Quaternary ammonium
Alkali-bleach mixes
Foaming ingredients
Bleach or abrasive cleaners
Do not pressure wash
WATER GUIDELINES
This Dyson hand dryer has an IP24 certification.
Use of pressure washers can force water inside the casing. Water damage caused by incorrect cleaning will invalidate
your guarantee.
FILTER MAINTENANCE
Regularly check the air inlets to ensure that they are free from dust and debris. Simply wiping the inlet with a soft cloth
should be sufficient to remove dust and debris.
If the air inlets get clogged, further cleaning or a filter change might be required.
If required for high usage environments, a Dyson filter change kit provides everything needed to change your unit’s
 filters on site. Contact the Dyson Helpline on the number on the back cover of this manual for more information.
Filter cleaning or replacement for your Dyson hand dryer can be carried out by carefully following the instructions given
in the filter change kit. If in any doubt, consult a qualified electrician or contact the Dyson Helpline for support.
DISPOSAL INFORMATION
Dyson products are made from high grade recyclable materials. Please dispose of this product responsibly and recycle
where possible.
This marking indicates that this product should not be disposed with other household wastes throughout the EU.
To prevent possible harm to the environment or human health from uncontrolled waste disposal, recycle it responsibly
to promote the sustainable reuse of material resources. To return your used device, please use the return and collection
systems or contact the retailer where the product was purchased. They can take this product for environmental
safe recycling.
PLEASE REGISTER AS A DYSON HAND DRYER OWNER
To help us ensure you receive prompt and efficient service, please register your unit at www.dysonairblade.com
This will register your guarantee, confirm ownership of your Dyson unit in the event of an insurance loss, and enable us
to contact you if necessary.
You will need your serial number, which is on the rating plate behind the grille on the side of the hand dryer, on a
registration sheet in the box and also on an information sticker on the front of the unit when it is unpacked.
Please ensure all instructions and guidance in this operating manual, the installation guide and cleaning guide are
adhered to or your guarantee may be invalidated.
YOUR GUARANTEE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DYSON 5 YEAR GUARANTEE.
If you have registered your unit online, your guarantee will start from the date of purchase. Please retain your proof of
purchase. If you do not have your proof of purchase, your guarantee will start 90 days after the date of manufacture,
according to Dyson’s records.
Where this unit is sold within the EU, this guarantee will only be valid (i) if the unit is installed and used in the country in
which it was sold or (ii), if the unit is installed and used in Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands,
Spain or the United Kingdom and the same model as this unit is sold at the same voltage rating in the relevant country.
Where this unit is sold outside of the EU, this guarantee will only be valid if the unit is installed and used in the country in
which it was sold.
WHAT IS COVERED
5 YEAR GUARANTEE
All factory parts of your hand dryer are guaranteed against original defects, material and workmanship when used in
43
accordance with the owner’s manual and installation guide for a period of 5 years from the start of your guarantee.
Please call the Dyson Helpline for more information.
Where Dyson determines that the main body assembly needs replacement, Dyson will send a replacement to be
fitted by the customer on site. The customer will need to return any defective parts to Dyson using the pre paid postage
box provided.
Any replaced parts must be returned to Dyson or an administration fee will be levied.
Where a filter change is required, Dyson will provide a filter change kit to be installed on site by the customer.
• Any parts which are returned and replaced by Dyson will become the property of Dyson.
• The replacement of any part of your unit under guarantee will not extend the period of guarantee.
• The guarantee provides benefits which are additional to and do not affect any statutory rights you may have as a
consumer.
WHAT IS NOT COVERED
Dyson does not guarantee the repair or replacement of a product as a result of:
• Accidental damage, faults caused by negligent use or care, unintentional or deliberate misuse, neglect, vandalism,
careless operation or handling of the unit which is not in accordance with the Dyson operating manual.
• Use of parts not assembled or installed in accordance with the instructions of Dyson.
• Use of parts and accessories which are not genuine Dyson components.
• Faulty installation, or installation that does not precisely follow the installation instructions supplied by Dyson (except
where installed by Dyson).
• Repairs or alterations carried out other than in accordance with instructions by Dyson.
• Damage from external sources such as transit, weather, electrical outages or power surges.
• Normal wear and tear (e.g. fuse, etc.).
• Damage caused by cleaning which is not in line with the instructions in this manual: for example, cleaning with
chemicals or products listed as harmful to the unit.
• Damage caused by water ingress due to cleaning or treatment prohibited in this manual.
• Any electrical, flooding or structural damage, or any loss of business or revenue as a result of product failure.
If you are in any doubt as to what is covered by your guarantee, please contact Dyson (details on the back cover).
ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY
• Your information will be held by Dyson and its agents for promotional, marketing and servicing purposes.
• If your details change, if you change your mind about any of your marketing preferences or if you have any
